Refined unclear sentence on 3rd party dependencies (#18015)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/concepts/security/overview.md

--------------------------------------------- | ------------ |
Access over TLS only | If your code needs to communicate via TCP, ideally it would be performing a TLS handshake with the client ahead of time. With the exception of a few cases, the default behavior should be to encrypt everything in transit. Going one step further, even "behind the firewall" in our VPC's it's still a good idea to encrypt network traffic between services. This can be done through a process known as mutual or [mTLS](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mutual_authentication) which performs a two sided verification of communication between two certificate holding services. There are numerous tools that can be used to accomplish this in Kubernetes such as [Linkerd](https://linkerd.io/) and [Istio](https://istio.io/). |
Limiting port ranges of communication | This recommendation may be a bit self-explanatory, but wherever possible you should only expose the ports on your service that are absolutely essential for communication or metric gathering. |

> 3rd Party Dependency Security | Since our applications tend to have dependencies outside of our own codebases, it is a good practice to regularly scan the code’s dependencies to ensure that they are still secure with no CVE’s currently filed against them. Each language has a tool for performing this check automatically. |

Reviewer: One punctuation nit, one reword:
```suggestion
3rd Party Dependency Security | Since our applications tend to have dependencies outside of our own codebases, it is a good practice to regularly scan the code's dependencies to ensure that they are still secure with no vulnerabilities currently filed against them. Each language has a tool for performing this check automatically. |
```
